[doc] Do not describe using experimental GTFS as easy (#4920)
organicmaps/organicmaps: docs/EXPERIMENTAL_PUBLIC_TRANSPORT_SUPPORT.md

:bus: But you can turn on the experimental feature of [GTFS](https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/reference) public transport and use it inside the Organic Maps app. It includes all [transit types definded by GTFS specification:](https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/reference/extended-route-types) bus, train, ferry, aerial lifts of different kinds, trolleybus and much more. Let's call this version of transit data **GTFS transit** from now on.

> To mixin the experimental GTFS transit into the OSM transit data you should follow 2 steps:
> 
> - Run the pipeline for downloading and preparing GTFS data about public transport.
> - Switch to the new version of the transit routing section in maps: build maps with the GTFS transit section with the help of special options for generator_tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mix in the experimental GTFS transit into the OSM transit data you should follow these steps:

1. Run the pipeline for downloading and preparing GTFS data about public transport.
2. Switch to the new version of the transit routing section in maps: build maps with the GTFS transit section with the help of special options for generator_tool.
```
